We looked at the problem description and started discussing possible secure
formats for the log.  We discussed possible decompositions of the problem that
could be worked on in isolation and made tentative plans for how to get started
tomorrow, given everyone's different schedules.

* We are hoping we can separate the logic of traversing the log data structure
  and the security logic.
* It was unclear if detecting malicious modification of the file should be
  strict or lazy; it has since been clarified by the organizers that this needs
  to be strict.
* DD, GM and M (and Maybe DK?) plan to start working on basic functionality of
  the system with no security (but with the future design of security in mind.)
  Scott will be in charge of designing a security mechanism that can be bolted
  on to a non-secure implementation.
